README.md, before:

# Mini-wallet readme

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Usage](#usage)

## Introduction

This is an implementation for the Mini wallet technical assignment.
It is built with **Laravel 12 + Inertia 2 + Vue.js 3 + Tailwind 4** stack. Real time events are handled with **Laravel Echo** and **Pusher**.   
Laravel Pint is used for Csfixer. (see rules in `pint.json`)  
Rector is used for code refactoring.   
Phpstan is used for static analysis. (see `phpstan.neon` file for rules)
Pest is used for testing.

## Installation

### 1. Clone the repository.
### 2. Set you environment variables in a `.env` file based on the `.env.example` file
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
   **You need to set up your database and a Pusher account for the real time events in the `.env` file.**

### 3. Set your app key with the following command:
    ```bash
    php artisan key:generate
    ```
### 4. Set up your database and run the migrations:
    ```bash
    php artisan migrate
    ```

### 5. To install dependencies and build the project, run the following commands:
    ```bash
    composer install
    npm install
    npm run dev # for development build
    npm run prod # for production build
    ```
## Usage
### 0. To start off with the application it is recommended to register a new user.
You can do that by visiting the `/register` route.

### 1. To generate some test data(dummy users), you can run the following command:
```bash
php artisan db:seed
```
**Note: every generated user has the same password: `password`**

### 2. To add balance to a user, you can use the following command `php artisan user:deposit {user_id} {amount}`:
```bash
php artisan user:deposit 1 100
```


## For devs
**Optional:** You can also run following commands:
```bash
npm run eslint # for linting the frontend
composer lint # for phpcsfixer
composer rector # for refactoring the code
composer test:types # for static analysis
```

To run the test suite:
```bash
composer test # for running the tests
```

Commit message:

Implemented transaction history and transfer features
- Created `TransactionController` with `index` and `store` actions for viewing and initiating transactions.
- Added real-time updates for transactions via Echo broadcasting.
- Built frontend for transaction management in `Index.vue` with support for transaction creation.
- Updated routes to include transaction endpoints.
- Enhanced README with queue worker details required for real-time/transaction functionality.

README.md, after:

# Mini-wallet readme

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Usage](#usage)

## Introduction

This is an implementation for the Mini wallet technical assignment.
It is built with **Laravel 12 + Inertia 2 + Vue.js 3 + Tailwind 4** stack. Real time events are handled with **Laravel Echo** and **Pusher**.   
Laravel Pint is used for Csfixer. (see rules in `pint.json`)  
Rector is used for code refactoring.   
Phpstan is used for static analysis. (see `phpstan.neon` file for rules)
Pest is used for testing.

## Installation

### 1. Clone the repository.
### 2. Set you environment variables in a `.env` file based on the `.env.example` file
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
   **You need to set up your database and a Pusher account for the real time events in the `.env` file.**

### 3. Set your app key with the following command:
    ```bash
    php artisan key:generate
    ```
### 4. Set up your database and run the migrations:
    ```bash
    php artisan migrate
    ```

### 5. To install dependencies and build the project, run the following commands:
    ```bash
    composer install
    npm install
    npm run dev # for development build
    npm run prod # for production build
    ```
### 6. In order to process the events for the real-time updates you need to run start the default queue worker:
```bash
  php artisan queue:work
```

## Usage
### 0. To start off with the application it is recommended to register a new user.
You can do that by visiting the `/register` route.

### 1. To generate some test data(dummy users), you can run the following command:
```bash
  php artisan db:seed
```
**Note: every generated user has the same password: `password`**

### 2. To add balance to a user, you can use the following command `php artisan user:deposit {user_id} {amount}`:
```bash
  php artisan user:deposit 1 100
```


## For devs
**Optional:** You can also run following commands:
```bash
npm run eslint # for linting the frontend
composer lint # for phpcsfixer
composer rector # for refactoring the code
composer test:types # for static analysis
```

To run the test suite:
```bash
composer test # for running the tests
```
